Update readme (#310)
rust-lang/portable-simd: README.md

```rust
#![feature(portable_simd)]
use std::simd::f32x4;
fn main() {
    let a = f32x4::splat(10.0);
    let b = f32x4::from_array([1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0]);
    println!("{:?}", a + b);
}
```

Explanation: We construct our SIMD vectors with methods like `splat` or `from_array`. Next, we can use operators like `+` on them, and the appropriate SIMD instructions will be carried out. When we run `cargo run` you should get `[11.0, 12.0, 13.0, 14.0]`.

## Supported vectors

Currently, vectors may have up to 64 elements, but aliases are provided only up to 512-bit vectors.

Depending on the size of the primitive type, the number of lanes the vector will have varies. For example, 128-bit vectors have four `f32` lanes and two `f64` lanes.

The supported element types are as follows:
* **Floating Point:** `f32`, `f64`
* **Signed Integers:** `i8`, `i16`, `i32`, `i64`, `isize` (`i128` excluded)
* **Unsigned Integers:** `u8`, `u16`, `u32`, `u64`, `usize` (`u128` excluded)
* **Masks:** 8-bit, 16-bit, 32-bit, 64-bit, and `usize`-sized masks

Floating point, signed integers, and unsigned integers are the [primitive types](https://doc.rust-lang.org/core/primitive/index.html) you're already used to.

> The mask types are "truthy" values, like `bool`, but have an unspecified layout in the vector type and cannot be constructed outside of a vector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mask types have elements that are "truthy" values, like `bool`, but have an unspecified layout because different architectures prefer different layouts for mask types.
```
"unspecified layout in vector type" doesn't make sense to me. also `Mask` is constructable just like `Vec` is: you just call the constructor functions.

Author: Yeah this is better. I meant the individual element is not individually constructible, but that's probably pedantic anyway.  It's effectively `bool`.
